hey what's going on guys just showing 22
gamer here with a pretty impressive
gameplay a double nuke on mon for two
with the intervention i do get a couple
pistol kills but i also get a lot of
intervention kills and obviously getting
a nuke in mah room for two i know i know
isn't very hard after you get your
harrier so bear with me guys it was
still impressive gameplay for me to get
and i hope you guys enjoy in the
background so anyway let me get started
with this game players using the
intervention with FMJ then I had the
throwing knife and flash bangs and then
I had the Magnum as my secondary with
attack knife for my backup weapon he is
going to notice i also get a lot of
quick scope kills in this game which is
really really fun to do in mono four to
one of those games that you can just do
pretty much anything in this game and
have fun all the time you can run around
with a knife you can use a shotgun you
can use pistol you'll still have fun I
just I just really like this game this
is probably one of my favorite color
duties Martin 42 just because the nuke
and how fun it is to get you guys are
going to notice on ps3 there is a lot of
hackers like this guy freaking spamming
shit on the screen it really does get on
my nerves but what connect what can I do
about it really I really wish monteverdi
would just come up with this little
simple patch that would fix all this and
anyway so it's come ter batok topic him
and talk right now the commentary topic
is going to be about call of duty ghosts
of my plan for color baby goes first you
guys already know well most of you know
I'm going to try to get the game early
then I'm going to try to post as many or
get as many gameplays and videos as I
can read it before the release date and
then probably end up posting two videos
a day have them scheduled maybe 1 for 12
in the afternoon and then one at like 7
p.m. eastern standard time and the
evening which is going to be really fun
to do I really think call of duty ghosts
is going to be one of those games that
are gonna hopefully last the whole time
and people will really enjoy the game I
can't wait
only let in like less than two weeks
left for this game more like exactly two
weeks left a little bit a little bit
like 13 days left for this game but
anyway it's going to be sick game can't
wait for it to come out this could
probably be one of the best Call of
Duty's everybody's so hyped for it most
people are hyped for it i hope this game
just looks really really insane so the
things that i was kind of planning up
for this game is coming some of them are
classified don't really want to anyone
take my ideas but first i might be doing
a road to commander and let me know if
you guys want to see me do anything
certain like you want to see me do like
a road commander for sure you want to
see me do like like I don't know just
leave in the comments down below
comments down below if you guys have any
ideas from and I'm going to probably do
the best collage sit ups for every gun
the best guns had a level up fast and
that's from which all I'm going to tell
you guys because I don't really want
many people to take my ideas but anyway
thanks for the recent support I just
want to throw it out here two links will
be in the description one is the neon
gorilla for making my new logo and also
the layout that you're going to see on
screen and also the guy who made my
banner link will be down below to make
sure to go check out both their channels
if you guys want some GFX those are the
guys to go to really to cool guys with
that wall up make some beast GFX if you
guys ask so go ahead check out the train
I'll go subscribe both let them know
that i sent you would really mean a lot
I really want to show the chef's an army
to everyone and I know I just made that
up right now but anyway I really do hope
you guys enjoyed this gameplay let me
know what else you guys want to see how
monitor for two that's pretty much what
I'm going to be playing it so called
vide ghost I like the model for to feel
and I think call of duty ghosts may feel
like that I know it is infinity war game
so it's either a mother for 3 i'm gonna
be playing or mon / 42 so let me know
what you guys want to see from either or
of one of those games and the you guys
can just see i'm going beasting and
feasting I got this was a really lucky
double nuke to you guys are going to see
I end up losing connection near the end
which you guys will see very very soon
because this gameplay is wrapping up but
anyway if we
get 100 likes that'd be awesome guys
continue the great support really love
you guys and that's from Richard guys
peace